Prepare for release 2.0.1 and update changelog (#322)
cpplint/cpplint: CHANGELOG.rst

Changelog
*********

2.0.1 (2025-03-09)
==================

Yet another overdue... hotfix. Sorry this took so long.

* The false positive for indented function parameters in namespaces was eradicated. (https://github.com/cpplint/cpplint/pull/304)
* build/include-what-you-use now recognizes c-style headers, such as <stdio.h> for symbols from <cstdio>. (https://github.com/cpplint/cpplint/pull/319)

2.0 (2024-10-06)
================

A large long-overdue modernization of the codebase!

> * Python 2 and 3.7 are no longer supported. Python 3.12 support was added along with fixed CI for 3.7 and 3.8, courtesy of @jayvdb

Reviewer: This will make future changes easier.
```suggestion
* Python versions less than 3.8 are no longer supported. Python 3.12 support was added along with fixed CI for 3.7 and 3.8, courtesy of @jayvdb
```
